# AWS Account
To work on the challenge each team needs to have **one** AWS Account.

## Create an AWS Account
You can sign up for a new AWS account
[here](https://portal.aws.amazon.com/billing/signup).

During the account creation, you are asked to select a support tier. Please
select the **Basic Support**.

## Create IAM Users
With the email address, you get access to the root user of the account. This
user has the highest privileges in the account, and should only be used for
management tasks. For all of the daily tasks and especially for this challenge
IAM Users should be used (if not specified otherwise).

To create IAM users go to the [Identity and Access Management
(IAM)](https://us-east-1.console.aws.amazon.com/iamv2) service. On the users
page, you can create new IAM users. You need to create one user for each of your
teammates and also one user for you.

1. Select the **Users** menu point on the left
1. Click **Add users**
1. Set user details
   * Specify the **User name**

     **NOTE:** You can create all the users at once, by clicking on **Add another user**
   * For **Select AWS credential type** select both
     * ✅ Access key - Programmatic access

       Used to access the AWS APIs
     * ✅ Password - AWS Management Console access

       Used to login to the AWS Web UI, also called Management Console or AWS Console
     * **Console password:** Autogenerated password
     * **Require password reset:** ✅ User must create a new password at next
       sign-in
1. Set permissions
   * Select **Attach existing policies directly**
   * ✅ **AdministratorAccess**. This gives all of you and your teammates access
     to all the services.

For this challenge, you don't need to create any tags. After double checking
that all the information is correct, you can then proceed to create the users.

After the successful creation, you get redirected to the last page of the
wizard. On this page, you can download the csv file with the credentials.
Distribute this file to your teammates.

## Redeem Credits
For the challenge, AWS sponsored credits for each of the teams. You receive the
code from the SAA team onsite.

**NOTE:** This task needs to be executed as the root user of the AWS Account.

After you created the account, you can redeem the in the [Billing Service ->
Credits](https://us-east-1.console.aws.amazon.com/billing/home?region=eu-west-1#/credits).

## Enable AWS Single Sign-on (SSO)
In order to use Kendra Experiences, you need to enable AWS SSO and create SSO
Users. If you plan on using the Kendra Experiences feature, you need to execute
the following steps.

### Enable AWS SSO
* Log in as your Root User
* Enable SSO in the EU (Ireland) | eu-west-1 Region
  https://eu-west-1.console.aws.amazon.com/singlesignon/identity/home

### Create Group and Users
You can create the SSO Group and Users with any of the previously created users.
1. Select **Groups** from the left menu
   * Create the *Group* with a name of your choice
1. After the Group is created you can create the users
1. Select **Users** from the left menu
   * Give it a name
   * Select *Send an email to the user with password setup instructions.*
   * Enter valid Email address
   * Specify First and Last name
   * Add the user to the previously created group
1. Go to your Email client
1. *Accept the Invitation** and specify a password for the user

After that, the user can be selected while configuring the Kendra Experiences
feature.
